NR1 sweep | DO NOT MERGE (#7524)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/browser-agent-spa-api/setcustomattribute-browser-agent-api.mdx

## Description

> Adds a user-defined attribute name and value to subsequent events on the page. Make this call before the window load event fires (when that data is transmitted) in order for the attributes to be included in the [`PageView`](/docs/insights/explore-data/attributes/browser-default-attributes-insights#browser-attributes-table) event. Once an attribute is set, we record it with all [`PageAction`](/docs/insights/explore-data/attributes/browser-default-attributes-insights#pageaction-list) events until the page is reloaded or the attribute is manually unset.

Reviewer: "we record" is funny here. 
```suggestion
Adds a user-defined attribute name and value to subsequent events on the page. Make this call before the window load event fires (when that data is transmitted) in order for the attributes to be included in the [`PageView`](/docs/insights/explore-data/attributes/browser-default-attributes-insights#browser-attributes-table) event. Once an attribute is set, the New Relic platform records it with all [`PageAction`](/docs/insights/explore-data/attributes/browser-default-attributes-insights#pageaction-list) events until the page is reloaded or the attribute is manually unset.
```
